Made "query" a positional argument and updated README.md (#11)
GoogleCloudPlatform/kubectl-ai: README.md

# kubectl-ai

## Overview

kubectl-ai is a kubernetes assistant that enhances the Kubernetes command-line experience using AI capabilities. It leverages Large Language Models (LLMs) such as Gemini to help users interact with Kubernetes clusters more efficiently.

![screenshot of kubectl-ai](kubectl-ai.png)

## Installation

### Prerequisites

- Go 1.23 or later
- kubectl installed and configured

> - Access to an Gemini API (other supported model)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access to a Gemini API key (or other supported AI models)
```

Author: Done.

### Install from Source

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/kubectl-ai.git
cd kubectl-ai

# Build and install
go install .
```

### Environment Setup

Set up Gemini API key as follows:

```bash

> export GEMINI_API_KEY=your_api_key_here

Reviewer: We might need to rename the env to be more generic for other models

Author: I have seen LLM provider prefix as a common practice in the tools that support multiple LLM providers e.g. ANTHROPIC_API_KEY and such. If ever, agent makes use of multiple providers simultaneously for example reasoner/thinking model for planning and regular model for tool use, having distinct keys will be useful. So keeping it as-is.
